Tech 18196 fix bug in value validations and expand functionality of timestamps dsl (#182)
Invoca/declare_schema: CHANGELOG.md

Note: this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.0.0] - Unreleased
### Changed
- The `timestamps` DSL method to create `created_at` and `updated_at` columns now defaults to `null: false` for `datetime` columns
- The `timestamps` DSL method to allow additional options to be passed to the `datetime` fields

### Fixed

> - Fixed a bug where `#validate` methods on core object classes with required arguments were cuasing model validations to fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where `#validate` methods on core object classes with required arguments was causing model validations to fail
```
